Add GDScript warning pages (#10635)
godotengine/godot-docs: tutorials/scripting/gdscript/warnings/standalone_expression.rst

STANDALONE_EXPRESSION
=========================

The warning message is:

.. code-block:: none

    Standalone expression (the line may have no effect).

The default warning level for this warning is **Warn**.
To modify it, see :ref:`ProjectSettings.debug/gdscript/warnings/standalone_expression<class_ProjectSettings_property_debug/gdscript/warnings/standalone_expression>`.

When this warning occurs
------------------------

> This warning may appear when writing an expression (a combination of values) that aren't assigned to anything or passed to a function:

Reviewer: Not necessarily true. `+++++1` is also an expression.
```suggestion
This warning may appear when writing an expression that is not assigned to anything or passed to a function:
```

Author: Good point. Perhaps we don't need to try to explicitly define an expression here. Maybe there's somewhere else in the documentation that describes expressions, and we can simply link a reference to that, in case someone's confused about what the warning means by an "expression"?

Reviewer: I think expressions themselves are something you intrinsically learn about when programming. I don't think it should be explained here, but I guess it wouldn't hurt to link https://docs.godotengine.org/en/stable/tutorials/scripting/gdscript/gdscript_basics.html#expressions

.. code-block::

    # Will give warning STANDALONE_EXPRESSION.
    (5 * 3) + 2

This expression evaluates to the integer value ``17``, but after that, nothing happens to or with it.

Note that the warning states the expression *may* have no effect, not that it *won't* have an effect. If the expression includes a function call that ends up doing more than just returning a value, the line itself ultimately will have an effect.

.. code-block::

    extends Node

    var counter = 0

    func _ready():
        # Will give warning STANDALONE_EXPRESSION.
        (5 * 3) + 2 * add_to_val(3)

    func add_to_val(val) -> int:
        counter += 1
        return val + 2

> Here, the line in ``_ready()`` receives the ``STANDALONE_EXPRESSION`` warning, even though the call to ``add_to_val()`` changes the ``counter`` property. (The other math calculations still won't have any effect, though.)

Reviewer: "still" and "though" would mean the same thing here. *Though*, we could do without them, I think
```suggestion
Here, the line in ``_ready()`` receives the ``STANDALONE_EXPRESSION`` warning, even though the call to ``add_to_val()`` changes the ``counter`` property. The other math calculations won't have any effect.
```

How to fix this warning
-----------------------

> If you've written an expression in your code, it's likely because you intended to use it for something. Make sure you're assigning it to a variable or passing it to a function if so.

Reviewer: I first replaced that "if so" with "if that's the case", but then I realised it would basically repeat the same prior sentence.
```suggestion
If you've written an expression in your code, it's likely because you intended to use it for something. Make sure you're assigning it to a variable or passing it to a function.
```
